All the products offered on this site are subject to the following
licensing terms.

# License

This product is copyright 2024 Nathan Whitehead. This product is proprietary
software and may not be freely distributed.

## Grant of Rights

You may use this content in the creation, distribution, and marketing of games
or other applications. Your license is non-exclusive, non-transferable,
worldwide, and perpetual. Granted you convert the content yourself you are free
to use the content with any 3D engine or other tools. You may not sell or make
this content freely available, sublicense, share, lend, rent or knowingly
circumvent the intended payment model of this content in any other way. Licenses
are paid for per-seat and may not be used by more than one person
simultaneously. Costs must be covered by the licensee and may not be split or
shared.

## Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, pay the defense costs of, and hold harmless Nathan
Whitehead, his affiliates, and their respective officers, shareholders,
partners, representatives, agents and employees from any and all liability,
loss, damages, claim and expense (including reasonable attorney’s fees), related
to or arising from your violation of this agreement, your use or misuse of this
content, or the infringement of any intellectual property or other right as a
result of the content or your use of the content. In case you are legally
prohibited from following the indemnification responsibility, you agree to
assume full liability for all above stated claims and demands (including
reasonable attorney’s fees).

## Warranty

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
